- "-0." flags :
	- "-" : "A negative field width flag; the converted value is to be left adjusted
			on the field boundary.  Except for n conversions, the converted value is
			padded on the right with blanks, rather than on the left with blanks or
			zeros.  A - overrides a 0 if both are given." - man 3 printf
		NOTES:	- Left padding will only be noticed if something else comes after, since all you get is extra blank spaces at the right
		of the conversion specifier 
	- '0' : "Zero padding.  For all conversions except n, the converted value is
			padded on the left with zeros rather than blanks.  If a precision is
			given with a numeric conversion (d, i, o, u, i, x, and X), the 0 flag is
			ignored." - man 3 printf
		- Does not work with strings, chars, and pointers!! UB; on my macbook it results in the unaffected string.
			0 conversions are UB for s, c, and p

	- '.' :	"An optional precision, in the form of a period . followed by an optional digit
			string.  If the digit string is omitted, the precision is taken as zero.  This gives
			the minimum number of digits to appear for d, i, o, u, x, and X conversions, the num-
			ber of digits to appear after the decimal-point for a, A, e, E, f, and F conversions,
			the maximum number of significant digits for g and G conversions, or the maximum num-
			ber of characters to be printed from a string for s conversions." - man 3 printf
		NOTES:	- The interaction of '.' and '0' only matters for types with a decimal (so a precision). e.g. float
			'.' (precision) is UB with c and p
	- NOTE:	these seem to only be used in conjunction with a following digit specifier, otherwise a "width" of 0 
			is taken by default.
		- %[flag][digit][conversion specifier]
			e.g. int i = 42; printf("%019d", i) ==> 000000000000000042

	- '0.':	For non-float types, increasing the precision is tantamount to increasing the number
			of digits to appear, aka to 0 pad to the right.
	- '0-':	Throws a warning. Cannot be used together since - overwrites 0. 
			Results in ' ' padding to the left ('-' supercedes '0')
	- '.-':	For some fucking reason, the ".-" flags throw a warning, but "-." is fine.
			%-.19f = -42.0000000000000000000
			%.-19f = -42
			Found the fucking reason! Precision is always thrown after the other modifiers. It's in the man, you daft cunt.
			This means that the precision needs to be followed by a conversion specifier in the form of an optional digit string.